Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then boarding of Thomas.
Yeah.
So this one you need not to write.
This will write this much right?
This this is comment comment you need not
write.
This will write this the class class name.
This one I have right to explain to you
Yes.
right.
Yeah.
To check it you have to write this this
much one class.
Then you have write 2 objects window.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Play song.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.
Are you?
Yeah.
Then simply.
Thank you.
OK.
It's.
For you.
I.
That's why.
But I from freedoms.
Just.
Whatever.
I.
And.
Thank you.
Aye.
Something.
We have.
Are you done? All of you?
No.
See here should I continue or wrap up for
the day?
Control C control AC.
I'll comment to this one.
And this one as well.
OK,
we are writing one more using the same.
Here is.
This is the second example in the same
setting.
2nd.
Thank you.
You have the class EMP right?
And you have one more method here.
Def let's say register.
It is self.
And do you have right here?
Eid.
Evening.
There we are itself.
Dot Eid is equal to Eid.
Sell for dog.
Your name.
Is equal to evening.
And the display.
Employee.
Details.
As follows.
Yeah.
Print.
Employee ID.
Earth.
Dot PID.
I'm planning.
You can write in one line.
Also I'm writing in different different
employee name server Dot.
You know.
OK, this is a class.
The class have two method.
This time one is taking the ID and name
registering the employee.
One is displaying fine the same you can
copy paste just right there this one.
Now we are going to create the object.
So I will create the object,
we'll create the object like this.
So here is down. We will go here.
You can paste from upward also this is
the object of employee and we have right
from here.
Object Dot employee we are at obj and we
dot register we have passed from here the
ID, let's say one and the name is.
Let's say we have passed 7 and we have
displayed.
Yeah.
Similarly, we have created.
Let me just make it simple.
See one the employee 11 dot register.
And one dot display.
We will go here.
CLS.
Example, one simple details as follows.
ID one name is Sam.
You can create as many as you want.
For example you have created one more
employee.
Even.
E2E3, for example,
three employees you have created.
This is 2.
This is 3 E one dot register E2 dot
register. Here the ID is 1/02.
Name is.
Neha and here is the E3E3 dot register.
There is 1/03 name it J.
And we have display E1 we have display E2
dot display.
We have done E3 dot this today.
So this is first employee details.
First employee.
Details.
I can employ detail.
I will explain. Just let me write here.
There is the third employee detail.
That's it. Let me explain to you.
This is second example, right?
So what we have done,
we have created a class employee like
earlier we have created but this time we
have created one more method that is
register and it will take two values one
is the ID.
One is name,
so the attribute R2 so self dot ID means
this is the variables in this variable ID
we have stored the ID that you have
passed in variable E name we have stored
the name that you have passed here is
display display is going to display
employee details as follows.
ID and the name.
What the things we are displaying from
here, right?
Now you have created first object,
second object, third object,
three objects you have created in the
first the first employee we have created
his his ID is one and name is Sam.
The second employee we have created.
Her ID is 102 and name is Neha.
The third employee. We have created.
Her ID is 103 and name it chair.
Then we have display E1 dot display so it
will display the same thing the second
one E2 dot display it will display for
E2E3 dot display it will display for E3.
So we can create multiple instance of the
things I already told you.
So that's the benefit.
We need not to create it again and again
this method and all,
we just call it for all the instances.
This is a.
Template. This is a template.
This is a blueprint and these are the
instances of this one. Fine,
this now it will see here CLS clear you
have run it you will see.
Implied details as follow implied 102.
This all 123 all implied details as
follow, ID 1/2.
See first implied detail is follow
implied details as follow this ID this
all eager display.
If you don't want to show it twice you
just remove from here this line.
Just let me one time.
That's it.
Because we have right here first employee
details second employee details.
So from the just ID and name I'm display.
Note.
The first one I have showed you how to do
that.
There is I have created two objects and
display method.
This display method don't have taking any
values and displaying but this one this
display this display displaying the value
and this register is taking two values so
once we are calling register we have to
pass the ID.
The name the self is just to display that
it is a method and from the class, right?
Mr Salman, can I have a question?
Yes, please.
OK,
let's say if we have like many employees,
right? So do we need? OK,
so do we need to key in each and everyone
Right, right.
of them,
can we just retrieve from Excel or
something?
Yes, we can do that. We can do that.
We can retrieve from Excel and all later
on. Once we will go for these things,
we can retrieve them database and all
right.
But the the logic behind that will be the
similar sort of things.
We can retrieve yes, definitely,
because that's the main thing.
OK.
The machine learning. Once we'll go.
But that will be might be in the 4th or
Yes.
5th week, OK.
4th week. OK, thank you.
Yeah.
Ask.
It.
Yeah.
OK.
Is it clear this theory and this example
all of you?
No, it is.
You can try only two two and try if you
want or three or four whatever.
I have pushed this one on the GitHub from
here you can see.
This is oops Exp one.
This is your example here.
That's we are doing.
We can take from here also.
OK.
So all the content I have put here this
slides also should I put the two days
this class right now or we'll put it on
this one on Monday only?
See, we have created class.
We have created three objects.
You create one copy,
paste copy paste 123 you change.
Then we have registered you will one dot
register then you write 2-3 then print
one display 2 display 3 display that's it.
Any error?
Then.
It's working.
Did programme it will not appear to me
right if only appeared and still given
for simply details 2nd and that is it,
it will work if you're not right.
This one you are saying?
If you're not right this one right.
I just put whatever you so I have to put
the need right.
Sorry I don't get what you are saying.
Open.
This is a command.
OK.
Some issue.
Yeah, yeah. Sorry. No, you'll be,
I would hear you. I don't know.
Can you?
I.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Yes.
Begin shani.
And then.
All of you done.
I have uploaded this one as well so.
Sorry.
These lights you want.
OP OK,
because that we going to do on Monday,
let me put no show.
And five.
Open.
And.
So far from what I could have learned
from the leads and shoppers and so on.
And do you have any recommendation for
exercise online that we can use for
before practise right? Yeah.
Including the solution.
So if we I will show you, I will show you.
I'm probably trying to yeah on difference
between here. I'm sure.
I'm sure this isn't.
Here we go.
Close.
Verify.
We have the PT is here.
This one by 10/5.
So every day is content you have.
There is also the solution the Beginner's
Handbook I have given.
There is also the question solution,
right and.
Here is all the things so we are not
covered this completely.
Few things we have done.
We will continue this object oriented
programming on Monday.
Also right here is some things and all
the things yeah.
And if you want to write Python,
this is Python ORGS.
Here is the documentations.
Talks.
We cannot Skype.
We will see.
Here is help then programming overview.
So this is online. This is yeah,
I mean they own it's not this.
The online quiz, yeah.
Then by then quiz exercises this thing.
Yeah, the start.
And you can start the blog PHP,
JavaScript, Python is here.
Start learning from here.
We'll go.
This is the official one and we can we
can test do the practise of variables,
operators, commands,
functions if else for loop, while loop,
find, list, tuple.
Dictionary is the string formatting,
reading files.
Writing that we will do that on.
So here is the things you can return from
there. Got it. Thank you.
See for example, here's the functions.
So it's written Python functions.
I will define printable some functions
function with arguments function scope.
So now you can understand when you want
to go through,
you can go through this one as well.
Right.
Otherwise the content I have given it
will follow that.
That's also fine for you, OK.
You will go to the this one.
Let me show you one.
I have given this beginner guide to you
one.
I have given the PPT every day and the
code that we are doing that's also I have
put there.
So there you have a lot of resources and
their blog or I also have told you you
can go and check that one as well.
Right. It's fine guys.
Thanks for attending.
It's 503 bye for now.
Sorry to take your 3 minutes extra.
Thank you.
Thanks. Bye. Take care.
Thank you very much. Have a nice weekend.
Can we?
Thank you, Sir.
Welcome. Wait. Take care.
Thank you, Sir.